New version of snow white story
Once upon a time, there was a gorgeous princess named Snow White lived in a castle with her father, the King, and her stepmother, the Queen. She was kind and 
gentle, and a friend to all animals. The queen, Snow White's stepmother, was so much selfish and so jealous of Snow White's beauty so she decided to kill the Snow 
White and replace her to be the fairest of them all. In order to protect herself, the Snow White left home and lived in a forest with seven dwarfs together. But the
queen never gave up the idea of killing her. One day, the evil queen pretended to be a poor old woman and selled a red apple to the Snow White. However, that red 
apple is poisoned! After having a bite, Snow White fell to the ground in a deep sleep. One day, a handsome Prince happened to pass through and kissed the Snow 
White. Suddenly, she woke up! At the same time, she was given a magic power of mind reading. She read the queen's mind and knew that she wanted to kill the king, 
replacing him and ruling the whole kingdom. In order to protect her father and the whole kingdom, the Snow White decided to go back home and fight against with the 
evil queen. (Elaine Wu)
A quick modification.
Upon returning home, Snow White had to disguise herself so that her stepmother, the evil queen, would not recognize her. She drank an elixir, conjured by the dwarfs, that transformed her beautiful features to that of a knight of the castle. She was no longer recognizable. Snow White devised a plan that would take 
her through the secret tunnels underneath the castel that she roamed when she was a little girl. She easily found her way through all the twists and turns, and
ended up reaching the chambor of her parents, the king and queen. She peeked through a tiny hole in the wall, and saw the queen and king chatting on the balcony. In the next minute, the queen got up and dropped what looked to be an elixir of itself into the chalice that the king had just been drinking from. Oh no! Poison! Poison was how the evil queen was planning on murdering her husband. Snow White, disguised as one of the castel's knights, had to act fast before it would be too late.


She then knocked on the wall with a big notice, trying to get the King's attention. The King immediately noticed the noticed the sound, he put down the chalice and
ask " What just happend? Guard! Go check it out!" That's when the knight Snow White dressed as came in. She then drank the antidote the dwarfs give her, turning 
back to Snow White again. "What are you doing here dressed like that?", the King asked. "Dear father, I am here to save you! The evil Queen has replaced the 
elixir with poison! Now get away from her!", Snow White said. But the Queen grabed a dagger after Snow White came in, after hearing what she said, the Queen hold
the dagger around the King's neck and said "Everyone in town were honoring your beauty and goodness, but what can you do now?" Snow White had already made her mind,
draw the sword she got when disguising as knight, and stabbed right in the Queen's chest, said "This is what I can do."

After that it is the same monbo joongbo, it backed to the same old day and the crisis was resolved, everyone live happy forever...
